stm32: add support for backup SRAM (#31702)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/memc/stm32_backup_sram/README.rst

.. _stm32_backup_sram:

STM32 Backup SRAM
#################

Overview
********

Multiple STM32 microcontrollers have a small backup SRAM that can be used as a
NVM when VBAT pin is supplied with a voltage source, e.g. a coin button cell.

This example shows how to define a variable on the Backup SRAM. Each time the

> application runs the current value is displayed and then incremented by one. If
> VBAT is preserved the incremented value will be shown on the next power-cycle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
application runs the current value is displayed and then incremented by one. If
VBAT is preserved, the incremented value will be shown on the next power-cycle.
```

Author: fixed, thanks

.. note::

>     On some boards VBAT is connected to VDD. You may want to remove the
>     connection jumper if using an independent VBAT source.

Reviewer: This part could be clearer.
```suggestion
    On most boards, VBAT is typically connected to VDD thanks to a jumper.
    To exercise this sample with independent VBAT source, you will need to remove the jumper.
```

Author: fixed, thanks
